https://www.flaticon.com/premium-icon/toilet_3130213


License summary
Our license allows you to use the content:

For commercial and personal projects
On digital or printed media,
For an unlimited number of times and perpetually
Anywhere in the world
To make modifications and derived works

*This text is a summary for information only. It does not constitute any contractual obligations. For more information, please read our Terms of Use before using the content.




Flaticon Terms of use
June 2019
This website is operated by Freepik Company, S.L., registered in the Commercial Registry of Málaga, volume 4994, sheet 217, page number MA-113059, with Tax Number B-93183366 and registered office at 13 Molina Lario St., 5th floor, 29015, Málaga, Spain ("Company").

These terms of use ("Terms") govern the access, browsing and use by the users ("User" or "Users", as applicable) of https://www.flaticon.com/, including any of its subdomains and/or sections ("Website"); as well as the services rendered through the Website ("Service" or "Services", as applicable) which include the download and use of certain content.

Accessing and using the Website implies that the User has read and accepts to be bound by these Terms without exception. In case the User does not accept the Terms or have any objection to any part of the present Terms, the User must not use the Website.

The Company may modify the Terms at any time and thus we recommend that the Terms are reviewed on a regular basis by the User. The date at the beginning of these Terms refers to the latest update of these Terms, which will be applicable from the date of publication.

Some Services provided through the Website may be subject to specific conditions or instructions that must be accepted by the User prior to the provision of the relevant Service. These specific conditions may be imposed by the Company or by third parties. Such specific conditions shall apply in addition to the Terms and, in case of conflict, shall supersede the Terms. Accordingly, the User must read and accept such specific conditions before the provision of the relevant Service.

Likewise, in respect of collection and processing of personal data, the Privacy Policy will apply.

1. Services Offered
Through the Website, the User can search visual content, like vector icons, in source code and other formats, as well as specific information related to such content, classification of styles among collections, and a tool to customize sizes and colours.

The Services may offer, in the result of that search, contents owned by the Company ("Flaticon Own Content"), contents owned by third parties offered through the Website ("Collaborators Content") as well as third-party content not offered free of charge ("Sponsored Content'). Sponsored Content is duly differentiated and identified on the search results. Flaticon Own Content and Collaborators Content shall be hereinafter referred to collectively as the "Flaticon Content" and can be downloaded through the Website.

The Services include access to the following tools:

Mac OS X app compatible with most software programs, including Sketch, Photoshop, Illustrator and Finder, which facilitates the preparation of presentations or any other document.
Tools to generate icons in source code from TTF (True Type Font) files and OTF (Open Type Font) to any type of font.
App to create patterns (http://pattern.flaticon.com/).
Tool to create, organize and edit icon collections uploaded by authors.
Likewise, among the Services offered, Users may also be allowed to upload content to the Website to store, publish and make it available to other Users as Collaborators Content. The uploading of contents to the Website shall be done in the terms and following the procedure set out by the Company from time to time.

2. Authorized Use
The User is only authorized to use the Website and the Services in accordance with the Terms and in good faith. In particular and without limitation, Users (irrespective of whether they have purchased a Subscription or not) undertake that any access or downloads of any content available in the Website or through the Services will always be the result of a genuine legitimate interest of the User and acknowledges that any method which artificially increases the number of downloads, accesses or clicks over such content is strictly prohibited under these Terms (including, without limitation, the generation of downloads, accesses or clicks over such content through any robots, spiders or any other mechanism, mobile application, program or tool) and will result in the cancellation of the User’s account by the Company and the obligation for the User to indemnify the Company for all damages suffered as a result of the User’s breach of this undertaking.

The User agrees not to use the Services negligently, for fraudulent purposes or in an unlawful manner. Likewise, the User agrees not to partake in any conduct or action that could damage the image, interests or rights of the Website or third parties, particularly, the owners of the Collaborators Content or the Sponsored Content.

The User will not interfere with the functioning of the Website or in the Services, in particular, he/she/it will not impersonate another user or person. The User agrees not to carry out any action that may damage, make unavailable, overload, deteriorate or impede the normal use of the Website or the Services, which may impact the security of the Website or the Services, or which may in any way interfere with the Services offered by the Company. The use of robots, spiders or any other mechanism, mobile application, program or tool to access, copy or control any part of the Website or the Services in any way which is contrary to the ordinary use of the Website or which infringes the Company’s interests (without its express prior authorization) is strictly prohibited. Likewise, obtaining or attempting to obtain the contents of the Website using any method or system not expressly authorized by the Company or which is not the ordinary method of accessing the Website is also strictly prohibited.

The User shall be responsible for any costs required for the Services’ use and for ensuring, prior to using the Services, that the Services’ features meet the User’s needs and that he/she/it meets all requirements and has all the equipment and software necessary for this purpose.

The rights granted to the User under these Terms are personal and shall not be assigned to any third party (including affiliates or entities part of the same group of companies) totally or partially, by any mean, without the prior, express and written consent from the Company.

When providing the Services, the Website can publish advertising either related or not to the searched contents or the Services, which is expressly accepted by the User.

3. Registration
In order to use certain Services, the User must register, creating a username and password and activating an account. To this end, the User must provide a valid email address where the User will receive notifications related to the Services. If the User is a legal entity or business, its username must be its full name or corporate name and the person registering on behalf of the legal entity or business declares that he/she is duly authorized to bind such legal entity or business and that such legal entity or business shall be bound to these Terms.

The User agrees to provide the mandatory information required for registration and also acknowledges that such information is true, complete and up to date. The User is solely responsible for keeping such information updated. Should the User provide false, outdated or incomplete information, or should the Company have reasons to suspect it, the Company reserves the right to suspend or cancel the User’s account.

The User must protect and keep the account password confidential and must not disclose it to third parties. The User must neither allow other Users to access the Services through the User’s account nor use the account of another User to access the Services.

The User is responsible for all operations carried out through the User’s account through any device. If the User suspects that another User is using his account, he/she/it should immediately inform the Company.

The Company may suspend or cancel the User’s account if it considers that the User has breached these Terms.

4. Content
The Services allow Users to:

Search for content that may result in Flaticon Content and download such Flaticon Content.
Search for content that may result in Sponsored Content, where available.
Upload Collaborators Content for its storage, publishing and offer in the Website or through the Services when possible, in the terms and following the procedure set out by the Company from time to time.
If you have any question regarding any content or believe that it infringes any right, that it does not comply with these Terms, or that is inappropriate, you can do so by contacting the Company as indicated in these Terms or following the instructions provided on the Website for a copyright complaint.

4.1. Sponsored Content
Regarding Sponsored Content, the Website’s role is limited to completing the search requested by the User and providing such content as a search result with a link to the relevant website together with specific related information. In some cases, in order to provide the User a better user experience and facilitate returning to the Services, the link can be presented within a frame corresponding to the Website, which can be removed by the User at any time.

The Company is not the provider of the Sponsored Content and does not present itself as owner of such contents. Furthermore, displaying the search result and the link does not imply any relationship between the Company and the third party responsible for the Sponsored Content.

The Company does not select, examine, control, guarantee, approve, sponsor or identify itself in any form with the Sponsored Content resulting of the searches made by the Users. The Sponsored Content is the sole responsibility of the third parties that make them available to the public over the Internet.

The User will be able to access the corresponding third-party websites and download the Sponsored Content under the terms and conditions established by such third parties. The Company shall not be a party or be involved in any way in the relationship between the User and the corresponding third party. The User undertakes to read and comply with the terms and conditions established by such third parties for the download and use of the Sponsored Content.

The Company is not a party and does not take part in the relationship between the User and the third party that offers the Sponsored Content, and it is not directly or indirectly responsible for the performance, omissions, errors, negligence or breaches of the Users or such third parties. Any claim from the Users regarding the Sponsored Content must be addressed to the relevant third parties through the linked website.

4.2. Flaticon Own Content
Flaticon Own Contents are offered under the conditions stated from time to time in the Website (including, without limitation, restrictions to the number of downloads per day) and its use is allowed in the terms set out or referred to in these Terms, as applicable.

4.3. Collaborators Content
Collaborators Contents are offered in the terms stated at the relevant time in the Website (including, without limitation, daily download limits), and its use is allowed in the terms set out or referred to in these Terms, as applicable.

When offering Collaborators Content, the Company acts as a mere intermediary between the User that downloads such content and the collaborator, providing the User with the access and subscription to the Collaborators Content.

The Company makes reasonable efforts in guaranteeing the lawfulness of the Collaborators Content. However, the Company cannot monitor or control all Collaborators Content. Therefore, the User acknowledges and agrees that the Company shall not be responsible for evaluating the originality, the non-infringement of third-party rights or the lawfulness of Collaborator Content and that the Company does not guarantee nor is liable in respect of any such contents, except for those cases expressly provided in the applicable regulations.

5. Storage and Offer of Collaborator Content
The Company limits itself to solely hosting the Collaborator Content and, therefore, it has no obligation to edit, select, check, or control the Collaborator Content nor does it guarantee, approve or necessarily agree with the Collaborator Content. If you wish to make an enquiry related to the Collaborator Content or if you believe that the Collaborator Content violates any rights or does not meet these Terms, or is inappropriate, you can contact the Company as indicated below.

The Collaborator is responsible for the Collaborator Content provided to the Company for storage, publishing and offering to Users through the Website.

6. Liability
The User acknowledges and agrees that he/she/it uses the Website and its Services at the User’s own risk and under the User’s responsibility and, therefore, the Company does not accept any responsibility for misuse or use in breach of these Terms.

The User will be responsible for any damages to the Company resulting from the User’s use of the Website and the Services in breach of the Terms and accepts to indemnify the Company and its directors, employees, agents and representatives from any liability in which they may incur as a result of the User’s breach of these Terms.

The Company does not warrant the availability or continuity of the Website or the Services, neither its reliability, quality, completeness, accuracy or whether they are fit for a specific purpose or activity.

As way of example and without limitation, the Company shall not be liable for any damages that may result from:

Interruptions, viruses, technical problems, interferences, omissions, unavailability, power cuts, failure of the telecommunication networks or the User’s equipment which are not the Company’s responsibility.
Delays or unavailability of the Website and the Services due to deficiencies or traffic overload on the Internet, in the communication network or the electricity grid.
Third-party actions.
Unavailability of the Website and the Services due to maintenance or software updates.
Any other event beyond the Company’s direct control.
SAVE FOR THE COMPANY’S WILFUL MISCONDUCT, AND THOSE CASES IN WHICH DUE TO THE SPECIFIC CIRCUMSTANCES OF THE USER INVOLVED OR THE NATURE OF THE MATTER, APPLICABLE LAW PROVIDES THAT LIABILITY CANNOT BE LIMITED BY AGREEMENT, USE OF THE WEBSITE AND THE SERVICES IS AT SOLE RISK OF THE USER AND THE COMPANY SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGE OF ANY KIND CAUSED TO THE USER AS A RESULT OF USING THE WEBSITE AND/OR THE SERVICES.

In accordance with Section 4 above regarding Sponsored Content, the Company acts exclusively as a provider of a search service as requested by the User, without assuming any responsibility for search results.

The insertion of links in the Services does not imply any relationship, recommendation or supervision by the Company of the linked website and, accordingly, the Company does not accept any liability in relation to the content of any linked website except in the specific circumstances provided by the applicable law.

In accordance with Section 4 above regarding the Collaborator Contents, the Company acts exclusively as the provider of the intermediation service between the offer of Collaborator Content and the Users interested in downloading them, without any liability in relation to such contents, except for those cases expressly stated by the applicable law.

The Company will make reasonable commercial efforts in order to ensure the accuracy of keywords and descriptions, as well as the identification of content as exclusively for editorial use or any equivalent expression. However, THE COMPANY NEITHER WARRANTS NOR MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION REGARDING ANY KEYWORD, TITLE OR DESCRIPTION; OR THE IDENTIFICATION OR LACK OF IDENTIFICATION OF ANY VISUAL CONTENT AS EXCLUSIVELY FOR EDITORIAL USE. For this reason and notwithstanding any other liability limitation that may be applicable in accordance with these Terms, the Company shall neither indemnify nor assume any liability in connection with any claim resulting from inaccurate keywords, titles or descriptions, or from the use of the visual content identified as exclusively for editorial use.

7. Intellectual Property
All intellectual property rights over the Website, the Services, and/or the Flaticon Content, its design, and source code, and all content included in any of them (including without limitation text, images, animations, databases, graphics, logos, trademarks, icons, buttons, pictures, videos, sound recordings, etc.) belong or are licensed to the Company.

Except as expressly authorized under these Terms, the reproduction or distribution, as well as transformation, producing any derivative works of any kind, public communication, making available, extraction, reuse or any other use of the Website, the Services, the Flaticon Content or any of its parts, is strictly forbidden.

The Sponsored Content is protected by intellectual property rights, as appropriate, and belongs to their owners. Although the Services can locate and provide access to these contents, its download and use is subject to the conditions set by the relevant third party. The Company is not the owner and cannot grant any license or authorization in relation to Sponsored Content. The User must obtain authorizations that are, in each case, required to use any Sponsored Content.

If the third-party holder of a Sponsored Content does not want to be included in the Company’s search results, the third party can contact the Company as indicated in these Terms. Regarding a specific Sponsored Content appearing as a search result, you can use the copyright complaint that appears next to the result.

If you believe that any content infringes third-party rights or does not comply with these Terms, you can report it to the Company as set forth in these Terms. In addition, you can use the copyright infringement report system that is provided with any result in the Website.

8. License Agreement for Flaticon Content
The Company authorizes the User to download and use the Flaticon Content under the terms of this Section (see Section 7 in relation to the Sponsored Content). The Company and its licensors reserve all rights over the Flaticon Content not expressly granted in this license to the User.

The Company authorizes the User in a non-transferable, limited, non-exclusive, manner and on a worldwide basis for the duration of the relevant rights; to download, use and modify the Flaticon Content, in a device the User owns or controls and only for the purposes and uses allowed in these Terms.

The User may use the content in the Flaticon Content provided that it:

Does not involve collective use;
The content in the Flaticon Content is not used in a manner that suggests an association or endorsement by the Company or the Website;
The content in the Flaticon Content or any derivative work is not used or included (in whole or in part) in a database, archive or in any other media/stock product, collection, set of clips, or library, for distribution or resale or used in any other way that could prevent or limit future visits or downloads from the Website;
Does not resell, assign, transfer or sublicense the content in the Flaticon Content or any derived work from a content in the Flaticon Content;
Does not use the content in the Flaticon Content in printed or electronic items (e.g. t-shirts, cups, postcards, birthday or greeting cards, invitations, calendars, web models or electronic devices, apps, videogames, advertising spots, audiovisual animations) aimed to be resold, in which the content in the Flaticon Content is the main element (because of size, relevance or any other cause, in case of doubt about whether the content is main element, it shall be deemed that the content is main element);
Does not use the content in the Flaticon Content (totally or partially) in any trademark, logo or part of the same, which may be used by any other means to guarantee or to imply a guaranty of any product and/or service, unless the content in the Flaticon Content used in such cases is modified in such a way as to be a new and different content not confusingly similar with the original content in the Flaticon Content or implies a use of the content in the Flaticon Content as a template or test, and not as a final item or material;
Does not make any use of the content in the Flaticon Content which might be considered defamatory, libellous, obscene, immoral or illegal, including, without limitation, using it in a way that places any person appearing in the content in the Flaticon Content in a negative light or depicts them in a way that they may find offensive such as the use in pornography, advertisements for escort or similar services, political endorsements, birth control products; and
Does not make any use of the content in the Flaticon Content to slander, libel or to vilify a person, race, sex, culture, religion, country, region, town, village or any other place.
When any content of the Flaticon Content is marked or identified as for editorial use, or when within the same there are logos, recognizable products, public buildings, public events or images taken in places where recognizable persons appear on the background, the User shall only be entitled to use it for such editorial use. In such cases, the User undertakes not to use that content in any manner that entails advertising, marketing or commercialization of any product or service. The User shall be directly liable and the Company shall not assume any liability as a result of the use for commercial purposes by the User of any content belonging to the Flaticon Content, which according to this paragraph should be for editorial use only.

The authorization to use the content in the Flaticon Content shall be free provided that any use of the content in the Flaticon Content by the User is credited to the Company/Website as stated by the Company from time to time. In order to benefit from the Service or to use the content in the Flaticon Content without acknowledging the Company/Website, the User must purchase a subscription (hereinafter, the "Subscription") in the Website and download the content in the Flaticon Content during the term of any such Subscription. Conditions in Section 9 shall apply to the purchase of the Subscription.

It is forbidden for a User to authorize any third parties to use the Flaticon Content (or any modification of any content in the Flaticon Content). As an exception to the prohibition, the User may allow third parties to use the content in the Flaticon Content, when each and every of the following conditions are met:

The third party has professionally instructed the User to produce goods or provide services to it/him/her and the User uses a limited number of items within the content in the Flaticon Content to produce such goods or provide such services to the instructing third party;
The authorization granted by the User to the third party is in writing and complies with every restriction of the User’s authorization to use the relevant content in the Flaticon Content and includes, without limitation, a restriction for the third party to distribute, resell or license the relevant content in the Flaticon Content (i.e. the third party is the final user of the relevant content in the Flaticon Content);
None of the contents in the Flaticon Content which are subject to the authorization are used as the main element (because of size, relevance or any other cause; in case of doubt about whether the content is the main element, it shall be deemed as the main element) in printed or electronic items (e.g. t-shirts, cups, postcards, birthday or greeting cards, invitations, calendars, web models or electronic devices, apps, videogames, advertising spots, audiovisual animations) aimed to be resold by the third party;
The production of goods or provision of services by the User to the third party is not done by automatic means, it is tailor made for the third party (and therefore its use is not authorized by the User to any other third party) and requires a specific substantial human intervention from the User in relation to each third party, and;
The User -and not the third party- chooses the specific items within the content of the Flaticon Content to be used in the production of goods or provision of services for the third party.
When all of the above conditions are met, the User shall be entitled to authorize a third party to use the relevant content in the Flaticon Content. This exception refers only to the prohibition for the User to authorize third parties to use the content in the Flaticon Content without affecting or limiting in any way the remaining conditions of the User’s right to use the Flaticon Content. Whether the above conditions regarding the exception to the prohibition for Users to authorize third parties to use the content in the Flaticon Content are met shall be interpreted restrictively so that, in case of doubt, it shall be deemed that the conditions are not met.

The User does not acquire any right as a result of the use of the content in the Flaticon Content. In particular, the User is not authorized to distribute, resell or rent any content in the Flaticon Content (or any modification of any content in the Flaticon Content).

The User rights under this Section will end automatically without any notice if the User breaches any of the Terms. In case of termination of the rights hereunder, the User shall cease using content in the Flaticon Content and will destroy every copy, whether total or partial, thereof.

9. Conditions for the Subscription
The terms in this Section ("Subscription Terms") govern any purchase of any Subscription in the Website. When concluding the purchase procedure for any Subscription, it shall be deemed that the User has read and accepted, without exception, the Subscription Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, the Subscription Terms are additional to the Terms which will continue to apply to Users who have acquired a Subscription unless it is expressly provided otherwise in relation to specific provisions in the Subscription Terms.

These Subscription Terms are available to the User before the purchase of the Subscription and may be stored or reproduced on a durable medium.

The Subscription Terms are available in English and Spanish. In case the User is interested in purchasing any Subscription, it has to follow the instructions available in the Website from time to time.

The Subscriptions available are offered in the Website where the pertinent information, price and conditions are included (including, without limitation, restrictions to the number of downloads each day). The Company can modify the Subscriptions offered at any time, offering with new Services (to which, unless otherwise stated, these Subscription Terms shall apply) or ceasing to offer any of the Services. The Subscriptions are personal, shall not be assigned to third parties and no third parties other than the User shall be allowed to use the Flaticon Content (including as third parties, for these purposes, affiliates or entities part of the same group of companies).

The price for the Subscription is stated in US Dollars in the Website and includes, if applicable, the relevant Value Added Tax. The Company is entitled to modify the price for any Subscription at any time. The Company shall apply the price stated in the Website at the time of the submission of the Subscription order by the User.

The User shall pay the Subscription in advance through Paypal or credit/debit card, as stated in the Website. To purchase and pay the Subscription, the User shall follow the instructions stated in the Website. The processing of the payment information and data through Paypal or credit/debit card is made within third-party sites. When ordering any Subscription, the User authorizes the Company to collect the corresponding price through the chosen payment method. The Subscription shall not be activated until the Company has received the payment or the payment has been authorized by the relevant financing entity. After that, the Subscription shall be in force for the term purchased by the User.

Unless otherwise stated in these Subscription Terms, the Subscriptions shall be automatically and successively renewed at the expiration of its term, unless the User cancels the renewal of the Subscription before its expiration. The Company shall charge the corresponding price by the same initial payment method. The Company may modify the price for the renewal of the Subscription, provided that the User is informed with, at least, one-month prior notice.

Once the User purchases the Subscription, the screen shall confirm the purchase. In addition, within the shortest time reasonably possible and not after twenty-four (24) hours since the acceptance of the order, an email shall be sent to the User with the receipt of the purchase. The receipt may be stored and printed. The User may request and download an invoice as stated within the Website twenty-four (24) hours after making the relevant payment.

After the purchase of the Subscription, the User may benefit from the following:

The Service consisting in using the content in the Flaticon Content without crediting the Company/Website. The rest of conditions stated in Sections 7 and 8 shall still be applicable.
Access all contents available in the Website.
Use the Website without advertisement displaying.
Not to be subject to the restrictions as to number of content downloads applicable to the Flaticon Content from time to time, without prejudice to the application of certain restrictions to the number of downloads aimed at preventing a fraudulent or abusive use of the Website.
Likewise by purchasing the Subscription, the User may use the Flaticon Mac OS X app, allowing the use of all icons directly in the design of apps and without an obligation to credit the Company/Website. All other conditions set out or referred to in these Terms as applicable, shall continue to apply to any use through the Flaticon Mac OS X app.

As the content in the Website is digital content, no cancellation right shall apply, without prejudice to the guarantees stated in the consumers’ regulations that may be applicable.

10. Changes and Closure of the Website
The Company may, at any moment, and without incurring in any responsibility towards the User, modify the content of the Website or the Services, limit or modify the conditions or cease to provide some or all the Services and features available or deactivate and delete all or some of the User accounts and their corresponding information. However, the Company will comply with its obligations regarding the keeping of records in relation to certain transactions for the relevant period as provided by applicable law or refund the Users of Subscriptions in force at that time with the proportional part of the price not accrued before the termination.

11. General and Contact Information
The use of the Website and the Services and the interpretation and application of these Terms shall be governed by Spanish Law. Except for those cases in which applicable regulations impose a specific jurisdiction, any dispute in connection with these Terms shall be resolved by the Courts of Málaga (Spain), and the parties expressly waive any other applicable jurisdiction.

If any provision in these Terms is declared to be invalid or unenforceable, it shall be substituted or deemed as it had not been included. The remaining provisions in these Terms shall not be affected in any way.

You may contact the Company for any query or claim in www.flaticon.com/contact/.

Flaticon API Services Terms and Conditions
These Terms and Conditions of the Flaticon API Services are a binding agreement and shall apply to access to and use of the Flaticon API Services by the user (hereinafter You). Your access to and use of the Flaticon API Services implies that you have read and accepted all these Terms and Conditions of the Flaticon API Services. We therefore recommend that you review them frequently.

The Flaticon API Services (as defined hereunder) are provided by Freepik Company, S.L., whose registered office is at Calle Molina Lario 13, 5th Floor, 29015 Malaga, Spain. It is duly registered at the Malaga Companies Registry in Volume 4994, Folio 217, Sheet number MA-113059 and is the holder of T.I.N. B93183366 (hereinafter Freepik). These Terms and Conditions of the Flaticon API Services (hereinafter the Terms and Conditions) are an agreement you must fulfill at all times when you access or use the Flaticon API Services. The term Flaticon API Services refers to

access to and use of the API Services made available by Freepik on the Flaticon Developer Website (as this term is defined hereunder), including any services related to said access, use or API;
any documents, information, materials, source codes and software (including any human-readable programming instructions) related to the Flaticon API or its associated services that are made available by Freepik;
any data, contents and information provided to API Clients (as this term is defined hereunder) (hereinafter API Data); and
the credentials which Freepik has assigned to you and your API Client(s). By accessing and using the Flaticon API Services and in exchange for receiving the benefits of the Flaticon API Services provided by Freepik, you agree to be bound by the Agreement (as this term is defined hereunder).
Access to and use of the Flaticon API Services may be subject to any specific conditions or instructions Freepik or third parties may issue which shall complete or, should they be contrary to the provisions set forth herein, replace the contents of these Terms and Conditions of the Flaticon API Services, which must be accepted by you before the relevant access and use.

1. Definitions
With regard to these Terms and Conditions, the terms hereunder shall be construed to mean as follows:

1.1. API Client
Refers to a website or software application (including mobile phone applications) developed by you that accesses or uses the Flaticon API Services.

1.2. Developer Policies
efers to the policies on the Flaticon API Services that are currently available at https://developer.flaticon.com/landing which you and your API Client(s) are obliged to fulfill in addition to all of the Agreement's other terms and conditions while accessing or using the Flaticon API Services.

1.3. Personal Data
Has the meaning set forth in REGULATION (EU) 2016/679 OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND OF THE COUNCIL of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation) or the national legislation of the EU Member State which supplements or implements it, as said legislation is progressively updated, amended and/or replaced from time to time.

1.4. Freepik's Confidential Information
Refers to any information belonging to Freepik which is provided to you in relation to accessing or using the Flaticon API Services, excluding any information you have developed independently, any which has been lawfully delivered to you by a third party that is not subject to confidentiality obligations or any which has been made publicly available without you being involved in its disclosure.

1.5. Flaticon Developer Website
Refers to Flaticon's developer website, including the web pages currently available at https://developer.flaticon.com/landing.

1.6. Flaticon Guidelines
Refers to the guidelines and other documents posted on the Flaticon Developer Website.

2. The Agreement
2.1. Sections of the Agreement
These Terms and Conditions;
The Developer Policies;
The Freepik Privacy Policy available at https://www.freepikcompany.com/privacy; and
The Flaticon Terms of Use available at https://www.freepikcompany.com/legal#nav-flaticon
2.2. Terms and Condition of Use
Before accessing or using the Flaticon API Services, read the documents which comprise the Agreement carefully and make sure you understand them. If you disagree with any aspect of the Agreement, you do not have our permission to access or use any of the Flaticon API Services and you should refrain from accessing or using them.

2.3. Amendment of the Agreement
Freepik may amend the Terms and Conditions or any of the documents which comprise the Agreement. Freepik shall endeavor to give notice of any changes made to the Terms and Conditions by sending an e-mail at least 30 calendar days before said changes come into force.

Nonetheless, any specific changes which incorporate new functions, or any made for legal reasons may enter into force immediately, regardless of whether or not notice thereof is given. If you disagree with any of the changes, you may terminate the Agreement. If you do not terminate the Agreement immediately and continue accessing or using the Flaticon API Services, whether directly or through you API Client(s), including any development activity related to any of the Flaticon API Services and any interaction of your API Client(s) with any of the Flaticon API Services, once the changes to the Agreement have come into force, it shall be deemed that you are in agreement with and accept said changes.

2.4. Priority
Should there be any discrepancy between these Terms and Conditions and the other documents which comprise the Agreement on the Flaticon API Services, these Terms and Conditions shall prevail. In the event of a discrepancy involving the remaining documents which comprise the Agreement, they shall prevail as per the order in which they are set forth in Clause 2(1) above.

3. Access to and Permitted Use of the Flaticon API Services
3.1. Fulfillment of the Agreement
When you access or use the Flaticon API Services, you and your API Client(s)

shall at all times fulfill the Agreement; and
shall only access (or attempt to access) the Flaticon API Services to develop and operate your API Client(s) as provided by the Agreement and the documents on the specific Flaticon API Services you access or use. Freepik may suspend or cancel access to or the use of any of the Flaticon API Services (including any credentials assigned to you or your API Client(s), impose additional requirements or restrictions, or terminate the agreement between you and Flaticon due to any breach of the Agreement committed by you or by anybody else acting on your behalf.
You may not perform, nor may you allow any person to perform, whether directly or indirectly, any actions of reverse engineering, dismantling, reconstruction, decompiling, translation, modification, copying or in order to obtain the source code, nor may you create works derived from the Flaticon API Services or from any aspect or part thereof, including, but not limited to, the sources code and algorithms, except where it is explicitly allowed under this Agreement.

3.2. Unauthorized Persons
You may not accept the Agreement or access or use the Flaticon API Services if

you are not of legal age or lack the legal capacity to enter into a legally binding agreement with us; or
you are forbidden from using or receiving the Flaticon API Services according to the legislation which applies in Spain, the country in which you reside or the countries from which you or your API Client(s) access or use the Flaticon API Services.
3.3. Acceptance on Behalf of a Third-Party
If you use the Flaticon API Services on behalf of a third-party (for example, the company of which you are an employee), you hereby ensure that you hold sufficient powers and capacity to legally bind said person or entity and that you accept the Agreement on behalf of said person or entity (and all references made to "you" in the Agreement shall include said person or entity).

4. Registration
You must register and create an account to access and use the Flaticon API Services. You may be required to provide certain information (such as your identification or contact data) as part of the registration process or as part of the access and use you make of the Flaticon API Services. Our Privacy Policy sets forth how we process your Personal Data and protect your privacy where you provide your Personal Data in relation to your access to and use of the Flaticon API Services.

Freepik is not obliged to accept any requests for registration or for access to and use of the Flaticon API Services.

5. Flaticon API Services Use License
The API consists of tools and documents to facilitate the creation of a software application (hereinafter the Application) which will allow the users of your API Client(s) to search for, license, download and use Flaticon content subject to the limitations and conditions described hereunder or in the relevant documents referred to in this Agreement.

Subject to fulfillment of all the terms and conditions set forth in the Agreement, Freepik grants you, and you hereby accept, a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, personal, non-sublicensable and non-transferable license to access and use the Flaticon API Services solely to develop, test, display, distribute and run the Application and place Flaticon content at the disposal of your API Client(s).

Subject to fulfillment of all the terms and conditions set forth in the Agreement, Freepik grants you, and you hereby accept, a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, personal, non-sublicensable and non-transferable license to access and use the Flaticon API Services solely to use the Flaticon trademark indicated by Freepik from time to time to promote the Application's use. Such use must always be done in a way which does not affect Freepik's reputation and prestige and in accordance with any instructions Freepik may issue from time to time. You may not use the Flaticon trademark in any way which suggests that you are certified by, guarantied by, sponsored by or associated in any way to Freepik or its different activities, except where express written authorization thereof is granted by Freepik.

Freepik reserves all rights which are not expressly granted through this license.

You will need a unique password and/or another credential (jointly referred to herein as API keys) to initiate a session in your account and access and use the Flaticon API Services. You may only access your account with the API keys provided to you by Freepik. You may not sell, transfer, dispose of, sublicense or divulge your API keys. You may not use the API on any platform, website or application other than the API Client you disclose to Flaticon as part of your API account's creation. You are responsible for safeguarding and maintaining the security and confidentiality of your API keys by not disclosing them to third parties or allowing them to be used by third parties. You are solely and exclusively liable for all the activities which are performed with your API keys on any device, regardless of whether or not said activities are performed by you or by a third party. Freepik may suspend or cancel the API keys if it deems that your security or confidentiality have been jeopardized.

Freepik does not warrant that any individual element of the Flaticon content will be available and shall have full discretion to determine which Flaticon content will be available to API Clients through the Flaticon API Services.

Freepik shall have access to data related to the Flaticon API Services' use and performance. You might also provide Freepik with content performance metrics data, as agreed by the parties from time to time. Freepik shall hold a free, worldwide, transferable, sublicensable and perpetual right to use said information to change, operate and upgrade the Flaticon API Services.

Freepik reserves the right to release newer versions of the API from time to time and require that the latest version be used. These Terms and Conditions shall apply to access to and use of said latest version. To clarify, these Terms and Conditions do not grant any right whatsoever to any update, upgrade or modification of the API.

You shall not distribute or make the Flaticon API Services available to the public on networks where they may be used by several devices simultaneously. You shall not lease, sell, distribute, communicate to the public or sublicense the API. Any attempt to perform the aforementioned actions is a violation of Freepik's rights and those of its licensors.

6. Restrictions
Notwithstanding any other limitations set forth herein, you and your API Client(s) shall

use the Flaticon API Services in good faith and solely for the purposes allowed under this Agreement, avoiding any fraudulent purpose or negligent use thereof;
fulfill all the laws, standards and regulations which apply and not infringe third-party rights;
not access or use the Flaticon API Services in a way which breaches said laws, standards and regulations or third-party rights, or in a way that is deceitful, unethical, false or confusing, and require anybody else acting on your behalf and your users to do so as well; and
set forth terms and conditions and privacy policies for users of your API Client(s) that are in accordance with this Agreement and provide ongoing commercial support to said users. Without limiting the foregoing, you shall not distribute or provide access to your API Client(s) in breach of the trade laws of Spain. You likewise undertake not to behave in any way that could harm Freepik' image, interests and rights or those of third parties. You shall refrain from impersonating another user or person or from performing any action that may affect or interfere with the API, the Flaticon API Services or their security. It is forbidden to access or use the Flaticon API Services in a way which is contrary to their normal use by means of techniques other than those authorized by Freepik from time to time or which unreasonably harm Freepik's interests. You shall not use the Flaticon API Services to resell or package Flaticon content or for any other activity that might harm Flaticon's business operations.
You are solely liable for properly managing and operating the service you offer through your API Client(s), as well as for any relationship with or liability to the users of your API Client(s).

7. API Clients and Supervision
Freepik may supervise, review and inspect your API Client(s), as well as supervise and audit the access and use you make of the Flaticon API Services from time to time without further notice to ensure quality, upgrade our products and verify your fulfillment of the Agreement.

8. Intellectual Property
You and your API Client(s) shall not infringe or violate third-party rights, including intellectual and industrial property rights, confidentiality rights, privacy or data protection rights, image rights or any other kind of rights, and you shall require anybody else acting on your behalf and your users that they shall not do so either.

Nothing set forth in the Agreement grants or shall be construed to grant any right to use any Freepik trademark except solely as expressly provided herein. You agree that you shall not use Freepik trademarks in any way that might harm, disparage or adversely affect said trademarks and that you shall not attempt to register any trade name, trademark, distinctive sign, logo or domain name that is confusingly similar to Freepik's distinctive signs.

9. Publicity
Freepik may use your company or organization's name (or personal name if you are a natural person), trade names, trademarks or logos in presentations, marketing material, customer lists, financial reports, customer lists posted on websites, market research studies and other marketing activities, including incidental reproductions such as screenshots, videos or other content of your API Client(s). You hereby grant Freepik, which accepts, a non-exclusive, irrevocable, free, worldwide and perpetual license to display your company or organization's name (or personal name if you are a natural person), trade names, trademarks or logos for the aforementioned purposes. You may not make any public statement regarding your use of the Flaticon API Services which suggests Freepik's association, sponsorship or endorsement without Freepik's prior written authorization thereof.

10. Modification of the Flaticon API Services
10.1. Right to Make Modifications
Freepik is constantly innovating and, as part of its ongoing innovation efforts, Freepik may alter or interrupt any aspect of the Flaticon API Services (including any specifications, protocols or access methods to any part of the Flaticon API Services) as they apply to any specific Flaticon API Services or API Client user, user category or API Client, or to all users or API Clients, from time to time without giving any prior notice thereof. Freepik shall endeavor to give you sufficient advance notice thereof or issue a prior announcement in this regard, without incurring any obligation whatsoever to do so.

10.2. Changes to Previous Incompatible Versions
Where Freepik intends to make changes to previous incompatible versions of the Flaticon API Services, it shall announce it on the Flaticon Developer Website and endeavor, at its reasonable discretion, to continue maintaining the software source code of the Flaticon API Service versions thus affected during six (6) months as from the date such changes to the previous incompatible versions are announced.

11. Usage and Fees
Freepik has set a series of limitations on the use of the Flaticon API Services which may be updated or changed from time to time. The Flaticon API Services use license granted under these Terms and Conditions is subject to your fulfillment of said limitations. Once these limitations have been exceeded, you and your API Client(s) may not use the Flaticon API Services until a new time period commences. You and your API Client(s) shall not exceed or evade the usage restrictions or fee or attempt to exceed or evade them.

The Flaticon API Services are subject to the usage limitations stated in the Flaticon Developer Website. Freepik reserves the right to modify these limitations at any time.

If You wish to obtain a superior version without the limitations included in this Terms and Conditions, you can contact Freepik through the ways enabled for this purpose on the web.

12. No Implied Licenses
12.1. Ownership
Freepik and its licensors shall keep and maintain all rights (including intellectual and industrial property rights, such as patents, copyrights, corporate secrets and other property rights) to or in relation to the Flaticon API Services (including API Data), Freepik's distinctive signs, the Flaticon Developer Website, the Agreement, Freepik's Confidential Information, all the underlying technology and IT programs, along with all the works derived from any of the foregoing (jointly referred to hereinafter as Freepik's Property). You shall keep ownership of all the rights to your API Client(s), apart from any of Freepik's Property.

12.2. No Other rights
Except for the rights expressly granted under the Agreement, Freepik does not grant you any other rights or licenses (whether express, implied, by operation of law or exhaustion, or otherwise) to Freepik's Property or to any of Freepik's intellectual or property rights.

13. No Patent or Content Licenses or Rights
Without limiting the general nature of the foregoing, no patent rights or licenses held or controlled by Freepik are granted, nor are any rights or licenses granted to reproduce, distribute or make Flaticon content available in any way other than by using the Flaticon API Services in accordance with the Agreement. Freepik reserves all rights that are not expressly granted through this Agreement.

14. No Exclusivity
The Agreement is a non-exclusive agreement. You hereby state and agree that Freepik can and may develop websites, applications, products or services that compete with the Flaticon API Services, your API Client(s) or any other product or service. Furthermore, Freepik is under no obligation whatsoever to place any such products or services at your disposal.

15. Confidentiality
Any communications Freepik sends you and the Flaticon API Services may contain Freepik's Confidential Information. If you receive any of Freepik's Confidential Information, you shall keep it confidential, refrain from using it except for your own permitted use of the Flaticon API Services in accordance with the Agreement and refrain from disclosing it to any third party without Freepik's prior written consent. Furthermore, you shall take measures to prevent any unauthorized use, access or disclosure to third parties of Freepik's Confidential Information in the same way as you would protect your own confidential propriety information, which shall not in any event be less than that of a reasonable level. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may disclose Freepik's Confidential Information where so required by law after giving sufficient notice thereof, unless the competent court rules that Flaticon should not be served such prior notice. You likewise undertake to destroy or return Freepik's Confidential Information upon Freepik's reasonable request. Your confidentiality obligations shall apply for as long as the Confidential Information remains confidential. As a consequence of the sensitive and secret nature of Freepik's Confidential Information, you acknowledge that its unauthorized disclosure or use may result in irreparable harm and that you may be subject to civil and criminal actions.

16. Warranties and Exclusion of Liability
16.1. Fulfillment of the Agreement
Each party warrants to the other that it shall act with reasonable due diligence in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement.

16.2. No Warranties
You acknowledge and accept that you shall use the Flaticon API Services at your sole risk and liability. The Flaticon API Services are provided "as is" and "as available" with all their defects and without any warranty of any kind whatsoever. Except as expressly set forth in the Agreement, Freepik does not grant and rejects that any condition, warranty or other term shall apply to any service, software or any other goods or service provided by Freepik under the Agreement.

16.3. Additional Exclusion of Liability
As provided by Clause 18 (Limitation of Liability), any condition, warranty or any other implicit term (including any implicit term referring to satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and conformity with description) regarding the Flaticon API Services or Freepik services related to this Agreement is excluded. More specifically, Freepik does not warrant that:

the Flaticon API Services will meet your needs, those of your API Client(s) or those of your/their users;
the Flaticon API Services will run without stoppages or in a timely, secure or error-free way;
the Flaticon API Services will be accurate, reliable, complete, continue to exist, be of satisfactory quality, not infringe third-party rights or be otherwise valid; or
defects in the running and functionality of any aspect of the Flaticon API Services, including any software, source code, content (including icons), data, support or anything else provided to you or your API Client(s) as part of or in relation to the Flaticon API Services will be corrected.
16.4. No External Warranties
To the extent allowed under the law which applies and subject to the provisions set forth in Clause 18, no advice or information obtained from Freepik, any third party related to Freepik or via the Flaticon API Services, whether verbally or in writing, shall give rise to a warranty that has not been expressly set forth in the Agreement.

16.5. Third-Party Services
The Flaticon API Services may contain links to third-party websites and online services which are not owned or controlled by Freepik. Freepik has no control over such websites and online services and assumes no liability whatsoever for them.

16.6. Support
You understand and accept that you are solely liable for operating and maintaining your API Client(s) without there being any obligation for Freepik in this regard. Freepik shall offer a support channel to attempt to sort out technical issues related to the implementation and use of the Flaticon API Services without assuming any obligation or warranty of any kind whatsoever.

17. Liability
17.1. Limitations of Freepik's Liability
Freepik shall not be liable under the Agreement (whether due to contractual liability, extracontractual liability – including third-party liability – or of any other kind) for any special damages, consequential loss, loss of profit, loss of revenue and loss of opportunity suffered or incurred by you or otherwise for data loss or corruption, the withdrawal or modification of any aspect of the Flaticon API Services, or in relation to any content sent to Freepik's websites, applications, services and products by users or partners, or for any defamatory, offensive or unlawful behavior by said persons or entities (regardless of whether or not the parties have foreseen such losses).

Freepik shall likewise not be liable for any damages which may arise from:

Stoppages, viruses, faults, interferences, omissions, electronic system or communications system disconnections or disconnections in its equipment for reasons beyond Freepik's control.
Delays or blockages in the use of the API or the Flaticon API Services due to deficiencies or overloading on the Internet, lines or electricity or communications systems.
Actions by third parties.
Inability to access the API or the Flaticon API Services due to maintenance or updating work.
Any other circumstance beyond Freepik's control.
17.2. Additional Limitations
To the maximum extent allowed under the law which applies and subject to the provisions set forth in Clause 18(1), Freepik's total liability under the Agreement or in relation to it (whether due to contractual liability, extracontractual liability – including third-party liability – or of any other kind) shall be limited to the amount you have paid Freepik for access to and use of the Premium API Services over the six months prior to the event that gave rise to the liability, if applicable, or to the sum of €1,000, whichever is higher.

18. Indemnity
You shall indemnify Freepik, its administrators, directors, employees, collaborators and users for any liability, damages, harm, loss, cost, fees (including attorneys' fees) and expenses resulting from any court or out-of-court claims brought by third parties (any or all are referred to hereunder as Claim or Claims) in so far as they arise from or are related to:

access to or any use of the Flaticon API Services by you, anybody else acting on your behalf, your API Client(s) or any of your users;
a breach of the Agreement (or of any part thereof) by you, anybody else acting on your behalf, your API Client(s) or any of your users, including any infringement of any third-party right (including any intellectual or industrial property right, confidentiality and data protection right, image right or any other right) by you, anybody else acting on your behalf, your API Client(s) or any of your users; or
any content, data, technology or materials provided or contributed by you, anybody else acting on your behalf, your API Client(s) or any of your users, and not by Freepik.
Freepik may, at its sole discretion, choose to have you assume control of defending the Claim regarding which you are obliged to indemnify Freepik under this Clause. If you assume the defense, Freepik may appoint its own attorney at any time (incurring the cost). Freepik may take control of the Claim's defense. You may not reach an agreement to settle any Claim without Freepik's prior written consent. Both parties shall mutually help each other and reasonably collaborate with the other party in order to defend any pertinent Claim.

19. Termination of the Agreement
19.1. Termination by you
You may terminate the agreement with Freepik at any time, thereby ending your access to and use of the Flaticon API Services (including interrupting the access and use made by your API Client(s) and anybody else acting on your behalf). It is not necessary to specifically inform Freepik when you stop using and accessing the Flaticon API Services, unless Freepik should require you otherwise.

19.2. Termination by Freepik
Notwithstanding any provision stating otherwise, Freepik reserves the right to

suspend or terminate access to or use of any aspect of the Flaticon API Services by you, your API Client(s) or anybody else acting on your behalf; and
terminate the agreement (or any part thereof). For instance, we might have to exercise these rights under circumstances in which you breach the Agreement, a court order has been issued or where we believe misbehavior or inappropriate conduct has taken place which may potentially give rise to a liability for Freepik. Though we will attempt to give you reasonable notice thereof, we are under no obligation whatsoever to do so.
19.3. Effects of Termination
After any suspension, interruption notice or termination (whether by you or by Freepik), you shall immediately cease to access and use any of Freepik's Property and delete all the Flaticon API Services and Freepik's Confidential Information in your possession or under your control, including any housed in your servers. Upon Freepik's request, you shall certify the deletion of all the Flaticon API Services and Freepik's Confidential Information that are in your possession or under your control in writing and with the signature of a duly authorized representative. Freepik may independently get in touch with any holder of accounts that are associated to credentials assigned to you or to your API Client(s) in order to give notice of the termination of access to and use of the Flaticon API Services and make any announcement regarding your API Client(s) (as appropriate).

19.4. Survivability
The following clauses of these Terms and Conditions shall continue to apply indefinitely even after the Agreement's termination: 1 (Definitions), 2 (The Agreement.), 3 (Access to and Permitted Use of the Flaticon API Services), 10 (Publicity), 14 (No Patent or Content Licenses or Rights), 15 (No Exclusivity), 16 (Confidentiality), 17 (Warranties and Exclusion of Liability), 18 (Liability), 19 (Indemnity), 20 (Termination of the Agreement), and 21 (General Provisions).

20. General Provisions
20.1. Entire Agreement
The Agreement governing the relationship between you and Freepik constitutes the entire and complete agreement between the parties with regard to its purpose.

20.2. No Waiver
Freepik shall not be deemed to have waived exercising any right under this Agreement due to its failure to exercise it at any time (or for a delay in exercising it).

20.3. Nullity and Severability
If any specific clause of the Agreement is declared null and void, unlawful or unenforceable by a competent court, said clause shall be amended so that it applies and reflects the parties' intention to the extent possible. Should this turn out to be impossible, it shall be deemed to have been eliminated and the rest of the Agreement shall remain in force.

20.4. Notices
All written notices must be drafted in English or Spanish and sent by e-mail to the address indicated on the Flaticon website and shall be deemed to have been served after their reception.

20.5. Assignment of the Agreement
Freepik may transfer or assign the Agreement, including any rights and licenses granted under it, to a third party, but you may not do so.

20.6. Relationship of the Parties
This agreement does not involve the creation of an association or an agency relationship with Freepik. The parties are independent contracting parties.

20.7. Approvals by Freepik
Freepik may, at its discretion, reject or grant the consents, approvals or permits expressly envisaged in the Agreement or which have been requested in any other way. More specifically, Freepik may withdraw from time to time its authorization allowing you to use the Flaticon API Services.

20.8. Governing Law and Competent Jurisdiction
The Agreement and your relationship with Freepik under it shall be governed by Spanish law. To the extent allowed under the law which applies, you and Freepik accept to submit to the sole jurisdiction of the Spanish courts and tribunals, in particular those of the city of Malaga, in order to settle any legal dispute which may arise from the Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Freepik may file for an injunction (or any other equivalent urgent legal remedies) in any jurisdiction.

Slidesgo Terms of use
June 2019
This website is operated by Freepik Company, S.L., registered in the Commercial Registry of Málaga, volume 4994, sheet 217, page number MA-113059, with Tax Number B-93183366 and registered office at 13 Molina Lario St., 5th floor, 29015, Málaga, Spain ("Company").

These terms of use ("Terms") govern the access, browsing and use by the users ("User" or "Users", as applicable) of https://www.slidesgo.com/, including any of its subdomains and/or sections ("Website"); as well as the services rendered through the Website ("Service" or "Services", as applicable) which include the download and use of certain content.

Accessing and using the Website implies that the User has read and accepts to be bound by these Terms without exception. In case the User does not accept the Terms or have any objection to any part of the present Terms, the User must not use the Website.

The Company may modify the Terms at any time and thus we recommend that the Terms are reviewed on a regular basis by the User. The date at the beginning of these Terms refers to the latest update of these Terms, which will be applicable from the date of publication.

Some Services provided through the Website may be subject to specific conditions or instructions that must be accepted by the User prior to the provision of the relevant Service. These specific conditions may be imposed by the Company or by third parties. Such specific conditions shall apply in addition to the Terms and, in case of conflict, shall supersede the Terms. Accordingly, the User must read and accept such specific conditions before the provision of the relevant Service.

Likewise, in respect of collection and processing of personal data, the Privacy Policy will apply.

1. Services Offered
Through the Website, the User can search, access and/or download presentation templates (slides) regarding various themes and styles that may include, without limitation, text files and graphic resources such as icons, illustrations, photographs and videos with its corresponding audio ("Slidesgo Content").

2. Authorized Use
The User is only authorized to use the Website and the Services in accordance with the Terms and in good faith. In particular and without limitation, Users undertake that any access or downloads of any content available in the Website or through the Services will always be the result of a genuine legitimate interest of the User.

The User agrees not to use the Services negligently, for fraudulent purposes or in an unlawful manner that could damage the image, interests or rights of the Website or third parties.

The User will not interfere with the functioning of the Website or in the Services. The User agrees not to carry out any action that may damage, make unavailable, overload, deteriorate or impede the normal use of the Website or the Services, which may impact the security of the Website or the Services, or which may in any way interfere with the Services offered by the Company. The use of robots, spiders or any other mechanism, mobile application, program or tool to access, copy or control any part of the Website or the Services in any way which is contrary to the ordinary use of the Website or which infringes the Company’s interests (without its express prior authorization) is strictly prohibited. Likewise, obtaining or attempting to obtain the contents of the Website using any method or system not expressly authorized by the Company or which is not the ordinary method of accessing the Website is also strictly prohibited.

The User shall be responsible for any costs required for the Services’ use and for ensuring, prior to using the Services, that the Services’ features meet the User’s needs and that he/she/it meets all requirements and has all the equipment and software necessary for this purpose.

The rights granted to the User under these Terms are personal and shall not be assigned to any third party (including affiliates or entities part of the same group of companies) totally or partially, by any mean, without the prior, express and written consent from the Company.

When providing the Services, the Website can publish advertising either related or not to the searched contents or the Services, which is expressly accepted by the User.

3. Content
The Services allow Users to search, access, and/or download Slidesgo Content. Slidesgo Content is offered under the conditions stated from time to time in the Website, and its use is allowed in the terms set out in these Terms.

If you have any question regarding any content or believe that it infringes any right, that it does not comply with these Terms, or that is inappropriate, you can do so by contacting the Company as indicated in these Terms or following the instructions provided on the Website for a copyright complaint.

4. Liability
The User acknowledges and agrees that he/she/it uses the Website and its Services at the User’s own risk and under the User’s responsibility and, therefore, the Company does not accept any responsibility for misuse or use in breach of these Terms.

The User will be responsible for any damages to the Company resulting from the User’s use of the Website and the Services in breach of the Terms and accepts to indemnify the Company and its directors, employees, agents and representatives from any liability in which they may incur as a result of the User’s breach of these Terms.

The Company does not warrant the availability or continuity of the Website or the Services, neither its reliability, quality, completeness, accuracy or whether they are fit for a specific purpose or activity.

As way of example and without limitation, the Company shall not be liable for any damages that may result from:

Interruptions, viruses, technical problems, interferences, omissions, unavailability, power cuts, failure of the telecommunication networks or the User’s equipment which are not the Company’s responsibility.
Delays or unavailability of the Website and the Services due to deficiencies or traffic overload on the Internet, in the communication network or the electricity grid.
Third-party actions.
Unavailability of the Website and the Services due to maintenance or software updates.
Any other event beyond the Company’s direct control.
SAVE FOR THE COMPANY’S WILFUL MISCONDUCT, AND THOSE CASES IN WHICH DUE TO THE SPECIFIC CIRCUMSTANCES OF THE USER INVOLVED OR THE NATURE OF THE MATTER, APPLICABLE LAW PROVIDES THAT LIABILITY CANNOT BE LIMITED BY AGREEMENT, USE OF THE WEBSITE AND THE SERVICES IS AT SOLE RISK OF THE USER AND THE COMPANY SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGE OF ANY KIND CAUSED TO THE USER AS A RESULT OF USING THE WEBSITE AND/OR THE SERVICES.

5. Intellectual Property
All intellectual property rights over the Website, the Services, and/or the Slidesgo Content, its design, and source code, and all content included in any of them (including without limitation text, images, animations, databases, graphics, logos, trademarks, icons, buttons, pictures, videos, sound recordings, etc.) belong or are licensed to the Company.

Except as expressly authorized under these Terms, the reproduction or distribution, as well as transformation, producing any derivative works of any kind, public communication, making available, extraction, reuse or any other use of the Website, the Services, the Slidesgo Content or any of its parts, is strictly forbidden.

If you believe that any content infringes third party rights or does not comply with these Terms, you can report it to the Company as set forth in these Terms. In addition, you can use the copyright infringement report system that is provided with any result in the Website.

6. License Agreement for Slidesgo Content
The Company authorizes the User to access, download and use the Slidesgo Content under the terms of this Section. The Company and its licensors reserve all rights over the Slidesgo Content not expressly granted in this license to the User.

The Company authorizes the User in a non-transferable, limited, non-exclusive, manner and on a worldwide basis for the duration of the relevant rights; to download, use and modify the Slidesgo Content, in a device the User owns or controls and only for the purposes and uses allowed in these Terms.

The User may only use contents within the Slidesgo Content to create presentations, modify them, and share the editable presentation containing the Slidesgo Content with other individuals belonging to the same team or organization as the User and who are collaborating with the User in the presentation’s creation and/or modification ("User’s Team"). Therefore, the User may only share an editable format of the Slidesgo Content with the User’s Team and only to collaborate in the creation or modification of the presentation.

The User is only allowed to share Slidesgo Content to third parties outside of the User’s Team in a non-editable format, ensuring always that neither the User, the User’s Team nor the third-party recipient are sublicensing, reselling or distributing Slidesgo Content in any manner not expressly provided for in these Terms. Additionally, the User shall, at all times and whether sharing with the User’s Team or third parties, ensure that the creators or holders of rights over the original content included as part of the Slidesgo Content (e.g. icons, vectors, photos, etc.) are duly credited in all copies of the presentation. In particular, the User undertakes not to remove in any editable or non-editable format of a presentation, any crediting section which may have been generated by the Website, unless the User acquires a license allowing him/her/it to omit such acknowledgement. The Website might contain further indications about the crediting obligations the User must comply with and information about which license allows them to remove such acknowledgement.

Under no circumstances shall the User or the User’s Team be allowed to sublicense, resell, distribute or allow any third parties to use the contents within the Slidesgo Content in any other way without the Company’s prior written consent.

The User rights under this Section will end automatically without any notice if the User breaches any of the Terms. In case of termination of the rights hereunder, the User shall cease using content in the Slidesgo Content and will destroy every copy, whether total or partial, thereof.

7. Changes and Closure of the Website
The Company may, at any moment, and without incurring in any responsibility towards the User, modify the content of the Website or the Services, limit or modify the conditions or cease to provide some or all the Services and features available or deactivate and delete all or some of the User accounts and their corresponding information. However, the Company will comply with its obligations regarding the keeping of records in relation to certain transactions for the relevant period as provided by applicable law.

8. General and Contact Information
The use of the Website and the Services and the interpretation and application of these Terms shall be governed by Spanish Law. Except for those cases in which applicable regulations impose a specific jurisdiction, any dispute in connection with these Terms shall be resolved by the Courts of Málaga (Spain), and the parties expressly waive any other applicable jurisdiction.

If any provision in these Terms is declared to be invalid or unenforceable, it shall be substituted or deemed as it had not been included. The remaining provisions in these Terms shall not be affected in any way.

You may contact the Company for any query or claim via support@slidesgo.com.

Piktab Terms of use
June 2019
This website is operated by Freepik Company, S.L., registered in the Commercial Registry of Málaga, volume 4994, sheet 217, page number MA-113059, with Tax Number B-93183366 and registered office at 13 Molina Lario St., 5th floor, 29015, Málaga, Spain ("Company").

These terms of use ("Terms") govern the access, browsing and use by the users ("User" or "Users", as applicable) of http://www.piktab.com/, including any of its subdomains and/or sections ("Website"); as well as the services rendered through the Website ("Service" or "Services", as applicable) which include the download and use of certain content.

Accessing and using the Website implies that the User has read and accepts to be bound by these Terms without exception. In case the User does not accept the Terms or have any objection to any part of the present Terms, the User must not use the Website.

The Company may modify the Terms at any time and thus we recommend that the Terms are reviewed on a regular basis by the User. The date at the beginning of these Terms refers to the latest update of these Terms, which will be applicable from the date of publication.

Some Services provided through the Website may be subject to specific conditions or instructions that must be accepted by the User prior to the provision of the relevant Service. These specific conditions may be imposed by the Company or by third parties. Such specific conditions shall apply in addition to the Terms and, in case of conflict, shall supersede the Terms. Accordingly, the User must read and accept such specific conditions before the provision of the relevant Service.

Likewise, in respect of collection and processing of personal data, the Privacy Policy will apply.

1. Services Offered
The Service consists of a Google Chrome plug-in extension that offers a search service which identifies, filters and classifies creative content offered by third parties through the Internet ("Third-Party Content") in specialized sources which establish trends and act as source of inspiration for graphic designers.

2. Authorized Use
The User is only authorized to use the Website and the Services in accordance with the Terms and in good faith. In particular and without limitation, Users undertake that any access or downloads of any content available in the Website or through the Services will always be the result of a genuine legitimate interest of the User.

The User agrees not to use the Services negligently, for fraudulent purposes or in an unlawful manner. Likewise, the User agrees not to partake in any conduct or action that could damage the image, interests or rights of the Website the Company or third parties, particularly, the owners of the Third-Party Content.

The User will not interfere with the functioning of the Websites or in the Services. The User agrees not to carry out any action that may damage, make unavailable, overload, deteriorate or impede the normal use of the Website or the Services, which may impact the security of the Website or the Services, or which may in any way interfere with the Services offered by the Company. The use of robots, spiders or any other mechanism, mobile application, program or tool to access, copy or control any part of the Website or the Services in any way which is contrary to the ordinary use of the Website or which infringes the Company’s interests (without its express prior authorization) is strictly prohibited. Likewise, obtaining or attempting to obtain the contents of the Website using any method or system not expressly authorized by the Company or which is not the ordinary method of accessing the Website is also strictly prohibited.

The User shall be responsible for any costs required for the Services’ use and for ensuring, prior to using the Services, that the Services’ features meet the User’s needs and that he/she/it meets all requirements and has all the equipment and software necessary for this purpose.

The rights granted to the User under these Terms are personal and shall not be assigned to any third party (including affiliates or entities part of the same group of companies) totally or partially, by any mean, without the prior, express and written consent from the Company.

When providing the Services, the Website can publish advertising either related or not to the searched contents or the Services, which is expressly accepted by the User.

3. Content
The Services allow Users to search, access, and/or download Third-Party Content.

If you have any question regarding any content or believe that it infringes any right, that it does not comply with these Terms, or that is inappropriate, you can do so by contacting the Company as indicated in these Terms or following the instructions provided on the Website or the Services for a copyright complaint.

3.1. Third-party Content
Regarding Third-Party Content, the Website’s role is limited to completing the search requested by the User and providing such content as a search result with a link to the relevant website together with specific related information. In some cases, in order to provide the User a better user experience and facilitate returning to the Services, the link can be presented within a frame corresponding to the Website, which can be removed by the User at any time.

The Company is not the provider of the Third-Party Content and does not present itself as owner of such contents. Furthermore, displaying the search result and any link does not imply any relationship between the Company and the third party responsible for the Third-Party Content.

The Company does not select, examine, control, guarantee, approve, sponsor or identify itself in any form with the Third-Party Content resulting of the searches made by the Users. The Third-Party Content is the sole responsibility of the third parties that make them available to the public over the Internet.

The User will be able to access the corresponding third party websites and download Third-Party Content under the terms and conditions established by such third parties. The Company shall not be a party or be involved in any way in the relationship between the User and the corresponding third party. The User undertakes to read and comply with the terms and conditions established by such third parties for the download and use of Third-Party Content.

The Company is not a party and does not take part in the relationship between the User and the third party that offers the Third-Party Content, and it is not directly or indirectly responsible for the performance, omissions, errors, negligence or breaches of the Users or such third parties. Any claim from the Users regarding the Third-Party Content must be addressed to the relevant third parties through the linked website.

4. Liability
The User acknowledges and agrees that he/she/it uses the Website and its Services at the User’s own risk and under the User’s responsibility and, therefore, the Company does not accept any responsibility for misuse or use in breach of these Terms.

The User will be responsible for any damages to the Company resulting from the User’s use of the Website and the Services in breach of the Terms and accepts to indemnify the Company and its directors, employees, agents and representatives from any liability in which they may incur as a result of the User’s breach of these Terms.

The Company does not warrant the availability or continuity of the Website or the Services, neither its reliability, quality, completeness, accuracy or whether they are fit for a specific purpose or activity.

As way of example and without limitation, the Company shall not be liable for any damages that may result from:

Interruptions, viruses, technical problems, interferences, omissions, unavailability, power cuts, failure of the telecommunication networks or the User’s equipment which are not the Company’s responsibility.
Delays or unavailability of the Website and the Services due to deficiencies or traffic overload on the Internet, in the communication network or the electricity grid.
Third-party actions.
Unavailability of the Website and the Services due to maintenance or software updates.
Any other event beyond the Company’s direct control.
Save for the company’s wilful misconduct, and those cases in which due to the specific circumstances of the user involved or the nature of the matter, applicable law provides that liability cannot be limited by agreement, use of the website and the services is at sole risk of the user and the company shall not be liable for any damage of any kind caused to the user as a result of using the website and/or the services.

In accordance with Section 3 above regarding Third-Party Content, the Company acts exclusively as a provider of a search service as requested by the User, without assuming any responsibility for search results.

The insertion of links in the Services does not imply any relationship, recommendation or supervision by the Company of the linked website and, accordingly, the Company does not accept any liability in relation to the content of any linked website except in the specific circumstances provided by the applicable law.

The Company will make reasonable commercial efforts in order to ensure the accuracy of keywords and descriptions, as well as the identification of content as exclusively for editorial use or any equivalent expression. However, THE COMPANY NEITHER WARRANTS NOR MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION REGARDING ANY KEYWORD, TITLE OR DESCRIPTION; OR THE IDENTIFICATION OR LACK OF IDENTIFICATION OF ANY VISUAL CONTENT AS EXCLUSIVELY FOR EDITORIAL USE. For this reason and notwithstanding any other liability limitation that may be applicable in accordance with these Terms, the Company shall neither indemnify nor assume any liability in connection with any claim resulting from inaccurate keywords, titles or descriptions, or from the use of the visual content identified as exclusively for editorial use.

5. Intellectual Property
All intellectual property rights over the Website and the Services, its design, and source code, and all content included in any of them (including, without limitation, text, images, animations, databases, graphics, logos, trademarks, icons, buttons, pictures, videos, sound recordings, etc.) belong or are licensed to the Company.

Except as expressly authorized under these Terms, the reproduction or distribution, as well as transformation, producing any derivative works of any kind, public communication, making available, extraction, reuse or any other use of the Website, the Services, or any of its parts, is strictly forbidden.

The Third-Party Content is protected by intellectual property rights, as appropriate, and belong to their owners. Although the Services can locate and provide access to these contents, its download and use is subject to the conditions set by the relevant third party. The Company is not the owner and cannot grant any license or authorization in relation to Third-Party Content. The User must obtain authorizations that are, in each case, required to use any Third-Party Content.

If the third-party holder of a Third-Party Content does not want to be included in the Services’ search results, the third party can contact the Company as indicated in these Terms. Regarding a specific Third-Party Content appearing as a search result, you can use the copyright complaint that appears next to the result.

If you believe that any content infringes third party rights or does not comply with these Terms, you can report it to the Company as set forth in these Terms. In addition, you can use the copyright infringement report system that is provided with any result in the Website or Services.

6. Changes and Closure of the Website
The Company may, at any moment, and without incurring in any responsibility towards the User, modify the content of the Website or the Services, limit or modify the conditions or cease to provide some or all the Services and features available or deactivate and delete all or some of the User accounts and their corresponding information. However, the Company will comply with its obligations regarding the keeping of records in relation to certain transactions for the relevant period as provided by the applicable law.

7. General and Contact Information
The use of the Website and the Services and the interpretation and application of these Terms shall be governed by Spanish Law. Except for those cases in which applicable regulations impose a specific jurisdiction, any dispute in connection with these Terms shall be resolved by the Courts of Málaga (Spain), and the parties expressly waive any other applicable jurisdiction.

If any provision in these Terms is declared to be invalid or unenforceable, it shall be substituted or deemed as it had not been included. The remaining provisions in these Terms shall not be affected in any way.

You may contact the Company for any query or claim within the `Contact´ section on the Service’s Google Chrome extension for Piktab.

