https://www.iconpacks.net/free-icon/wrench-951.html



Icon by <a href='https://iconpacks.net/?utm_source=link-attribution&utm_content=951'>Iconpacks</a>



Terms & Conditions
What you can do?

1. You can use the free items for any number of personal and commercial projects,

2. You may modify the free item according to your requirements and include them into portfolio, such as websites, applications or other materials intended for promotion,

3. No attribution or link back to this site is required, however any credit will be much appreciated.

What you can't do?

1. You can't redistribute, resell, lease, license, sublicense or offer files downloaded from Iconpacks (iconpacks.net) to any third party “as is”,

2. If you wish to promote our resources on your website, you must link back to the resource page where users can find the download and not directly to the download file.

Other Boring Details:

By using this website/service you agree with all the following terms, conditions, and notices without limitation or modification:

This service is provided on an as-is basis with no guarantees. Any support offered is an extension of courtesy only and is not guaranteed to help. iconpacks.net is not responsible for any damages that arise as a result of this service or support, monetary or otherwise. Failure to read prompts, notices, directions, or instructions may result in a temporary or permanent restriction of access to the service . Any attempts to disable, reverse-engineer, disrupt, or otherwise use the service in an unintended manner may result in any of a ban, prosecution, notification to authorities. No guarantees are made regarding the availability or longevity of the service. You agree to only upload or utilize content which you are legally allowed to use in both your local jurisdiction. You grant a non-exclusive irrevocable license to iconpacks.net for all content uploaded to the site or otherwise created through use of the services. You agree not to upload content that could reasonably be considered sexually graphic or otherwise inappropriate to the site. iconpacks.net retains the right to utilize any provider for hosting of content, including content uploaded to or created with the website. Icons that are saved cannot be deleted or removed from the servers permanently under normal circumstances. We will cooperate with authorities by providing information in relation to illegal activities. Refunds are not available under normal circumstances for any paid services. Refunds will only be given on a case-to-case basis and then only by decision of iconpacks.net. Paid memberships do not relinquish or otherwise make void any of the above terms, including without limitation the right of iconpacks.net to restrict access to the service. You agree to make an effort to solve any problems that arise by visiting the FAQ for solutions prior to contacting us whenever feasible. Removal, obscuring, or any attempt to remove or obscure, the branding and origin notification on images that are generated with this service is strictly forbidden. Accessing this service through automated means such as a bot or scraper is forbidden except when such access is for a bona fide search engine or has been requested on behalf of iconpacks.net.com. The above item does not include very light access in order to provide services such as web thumbnails, site previews, or other non-commercial activities. We reserve to update these Terms of Service whenever necessary without notification. Such changes are effective immediately and continued use of the service is evidence of acceptance of the new terms.
